we are a new car
renault twingo
vector and it is still a black too
gave all this car that has three or four
months had to go on
have trouble going to her here
get brakes stuck to a hammer
to store the somewhat loosened
to state here I am curious if that
here it does look like a new one
would not believe you so long
Parent permission tag three or four
stood still for months and he does it
just like that
I'm here for one of our viewers
knows about renault
but I have no idea what
motor is dead it is
and expect eleven hundred or so on a one
So we left the question
nice start
row people too often for the rest according to
I'm quite one with the pure to cart
let's see if you're ahead
I must say I was never broken them
of French cars
power steering here is on the stairs
all on the situation
electric windows
no wait look that it would also go
but as a stupid shame on poor heart
this is to open those windows
certainly high so surprise package
was a thirsty owners you must have
look even more letter
never smoked in this car alone
but no erasing afterwards I understand
why they did mac the ashtray was
full
Odessa coral reef for your would be your sandwich
a sandwich with a rich men's thing
even worse than the line in the chicken shed
the things and the links just not so that
is want years that i can put your pests in
that car
vermin here is also outside then
as I am now
peter so little
the ball
hey it's new
by ordinary
on
that beautiful
hi nice yes indeed flat tire yes
well anyway 100 meters say two punctures
tires for our countries think that is
mess but yes given horse not under
look at the hood I can take that will
purchased
look signature runs nice man
and how glad he isn't even right
also very happy yes oh no
welcome you had for the fuck k oh no
it's a well
cables therefore look normal internationally
not super
I didn't know that at all when in it
twingo could run then it seems or
which can
but they were too
Yes
people squeaky tires on the sand
oh beautiful
acid at stall burg look but want to
from easy no oh you are too
nice time lost
felt better to moisture b your guide
but send raped in you
electric cow yes yes yes
hey hey boy to the next serious
yes nice special paint